By registering with OSG Connect as a GRID user you shall be deemed to accept
these conditions of use:

1) You shall only use the GRID to perform work, or transmit or store data
consistent with the stated goals and policies of the VO of which you are a
member and in compliance with these conditions of use.

2) You agree that any publications resulting from the computation performed on
OSG will include the following citation:

`
This research was done using resources provided by the Open Science Grid,
which is supported by the National Science Foundation and the U.S. Department
of Energy's Office of Science."
`

Additional information is available at
[http://osgconnect.net/citations](http://osgconnect.net/citations) â€” see also
[https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/ScientificPublications](https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Management/ScientificPublications).

3) You shall not use the GRID for any unlawful purpose and not (attempt to)
breach or circumvent any GRID administrative or security controls.

4) You shall respect copyright and confidentiality agreements and protect your
GRID credentials (e.g. private keys, passwords), sensitive data and files.

5) You shall immediately report any known or suspected security breach or misuse
of the GRID or GRID credentials to the incident reporting locations specified
by the VO and to the relevant credential issuing authorities.

6) Use of the GRID is at your own risk. There is no guarantee that the GRID
will be available at any time or that it will suit any purpose.

7) Logged information, including information provided by you for registration
purposes, shall be used for administrative, operational, accounting, monitoring
and security purposes only. This information may be disclosed to other 
organizations anywhere in the world for these purposes. Although efforts are
made to maintain confidentiality, no guarantees are given.

8) The Resource Providers, the VOs and the GRID operators are entitled to
regulate and terminate access for administrative, operational and security
purposes and you shall immediately comply with their instructions.

9) You are liable for the consequences of any violation by you of these
conditions of use.
